Guys, you playing any RPGs?
Nah, Genshin impact, hahah
Oh, it is.
I really want to play Final Fantasy, but I don't want to pay money. Like the only...
Ooo
I might try that.
i really i think my only rpg that i've played is like
uh lost garlic i spent i was grinding that for like
six months and got like to the end stage and just like dropped it
I might try that.
Arianna, have you played any rpgs?
Roblox RPGs are included. Like Vixeria, you played that?
Cuz it's fun!
And...
So does mine. That's why I just dug into a bucket of ice.
Hahaha
Because we don't let
We don't let ourselves get limited by heat.
you limit your options just because oh it takes too long to load
You will never play anything fun that way. Oh, 30 minutes. Oh, okay. Fair enough.
Ohh, Hahaha
Ever contact support and ask them for a refund?
No, but you can still contact them for a refund. Cause they're still eating your jams.
Just contact them after like a month.
yes
Okay, then wait one year for 12,000 yen.
Did you try reinstalling?
When did you try to reinstall it?
Yeah, Boostaxs
I got bootstax on my la- on my computer to run shi- to run computer runs.
Hahah
it is really bad but like sometimes just for dailies
Does that work for 51?
If you use it for something that actually needs controls, then it's bad.
But I only ever use it for a cookie run where I just need to drag it around.
Wait, if you couldn't get Bluestacks for Genshin, why don't you just download the actual Genshin?
If you gotta boost extra against him, why don't you just get the extra against him?
Huhh..
Why wouldn't you?
I had- I got Genshin Starril and Zenless on my PC.
Okay.
Wait, so... Oh yeah, no.
Oh, yeah, no, that happens on my laptop, too. That's when I play on my PC.
No
Oh wait, no, I have that.I just
I'm 20 20 I (***) my dad
I told my dad, alright, $2000 PC, very necessary for online school.
Well, it just sounds like me
Haahaahaa..